update IMU comparison to make it better (#392)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/diy/imu-comparison.md

> - [ICM-45686](#icm-45686)

Author: looks good to me

---
## ICM-45686

<b><p style="color: green;">Recommended</p></b>

> <p style="color: green;">This IMU is recomended for new slimes</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="color: green;">This IMU is recommended for new SlimeVR trackers</p>
```

The ICM-45686 is a very good IMU for DIY SlimeVR.

> it seems to perform just aswell as the BNO085 and LSM6DSV for a lower price

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It seems to perform just as well as the BNO085 and LSM6DSV, but for a lower price.
```

|Reset time |Cost  |Availability|Build quality|
|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|45-60 min  |~$6.70|Sufficient  |Great        |

|Pros          |Cons                                 |
|--------------|-------------------------------------|

> |Accurate      |expensive relative to other IMU's   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Accurate      |Expensive relative to other IMU's   |
```

|Reliable      |                                     |
|Smooth        |                                     |

---
## LSM6DSV

<b><p style="color: green;">Recommended</p></b>

> <p style="color: green;">This IMU is recomended for new slimes</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="color: green;">This IMU is recommended for new SlimeVR trackers</p>
```

|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|45-60 min  |~$8.93|Insufficient|Great        |

|Pros          |Cons                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------|
|Accurate      |                                       |
|Reliable      |Expensive relative to other IMU's      |
|Smooth        |Is rarely in stock                     |

---
## LSM6DSR

<b><p style="color: green;">Recommended</p></b>

> <p style="color: green;">This IMU is recomended for new slimes</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="color: green;">This IMU is recommended for new SlimeVR trackers.</p>
```

> The LSM6SR is a good IMU for DIY SlimeVR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LSM6DSR is a good IMU for DIY SlimeVR.
```

> It seems to perform a little under the ICM-45686 while being cheaper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It seems to perform a little worse than the ICM-45686, mostly in sensitivity, while being cheaper
```

The sensitivity downside for LSM6DSR should really be mentioned

|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|40-50 min  |~$3.35|Sufficient  |Great        |

|Pros          |Cons                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------|

> |Cheap         |lower reset times                      |
> |Accurate      |                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Cheap         |Lower reset times                      |
|Accurate      |Worse sensitivity                      |
```

|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|25-35 min  |Varies|Insufficient|Varies       |

|Pros          |Cons                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------|
|Cheap         |No available breakout board            |
|Reliable      |Lower reset times                      |
|Smooth        |                                       |

---
## BMI270

<b><p style="color: orange;">Not recomended</p></b>
<p style="color: orange;">This IMU is only good to use in certain cases due to its unavailability</p>

This IMU has average drift times and there is no reliable seller for breakout boards.
It is only advisable to use this IMU if you are buying from a third party SlimeVR seller.

|Reset time | Cost |Availability|Build quality|
|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|10-20 min  |Varies|Insufficient|Varies       |

|Pros          |Cons                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------|
|Cheap         |No available breakout board            |
|Reliable      |Lower reset times                      |
|Smooth        |                                       |

> ---

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'd say these are "good to use in certain cases", they're both quite mid and are only here because some sellers are still stuck on them

Author: could be "acceptable to use if no other option is available" instead of good?

Reviewer: That'd be fine

## BNO085

<b><p style="color: red;">Not recommended.</p></b>
<p style="color: red;">This IMU is generally not recomended for new slimes</p>

> This is the IMU used in V1 Production slimes.
> This IMU has also been discontinued from the slimevr store making it difficult to obtain or approximate a price for this IMU. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the IMU used in v1.0 and v1.1 official SlimeVR trackers.
This IMU has also been discontinued from the SlimeVR store, making it difficult to obtain or approximate a price for this IMU. 
```

|:---------:|:----:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|5 - 15min  |~$1.50|Sufficient  |Good         |

|Pros                   |Cons                                                            |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
|Cheap                  | Short drift times                                              |

> |Smooth                 | high DOA (Dead On Arrival) rate                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Smooth                 | High DOA (Dead On Arrival) rate                                |
```

|Accurate               |                                                                |

---
## ICM20948

<b><p style="color: red;">Not recommended.</p></b>

> <p style="color: red;">This IMU is generally not recomended for new slimes</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="color: red;">This IMU is generally not recomended for new SlimeVR trackers.</p>
```

|:---------:|:---:|:----------:|:-----------:|
|15 - 60 min|~$15 |Insufficient|Good         |

|Pros             |Cons                                  |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------|
|Accurate         |                                      |
|Reliable         |Sensitive to bad magnetic environments|
|Smooth           |Availability is not guaranteed        |

`Comment: Prone to some drift when moving really fast (in 6DoF mode).`

---
## BNO055

<b><p style="color: red;">Not recommended.</p></b>

> <p style="color: red;">This IMU is generally not recomended for new slimes</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="color: red;">This IMU is generally not recomended for new SlimeVR trackers.</p>
```
